Welcome. Since our last update, we've had five more special conventions. They
were held in the following locations. Prague, Czech Republic, Helsinki, Finland,
Budapest, Hungary, Reykjavik, Iceland and Zurich, Switzerland.
delegates came from over 30 countries. It's a joy to see the love and unity of
Jehovah's people. A total of 578 were baptized at these conventions. A highlight
of the special convention in Iceland was the release of the complete New World
translation in Icelandic. The rich spiritual food at this year's convention
refreshes and strengthens us to keep declaring the good news. Of course as we
think about the ministry, we have a mind and new service year that's approaching
rapidly. Maybe you'll remember that beginning September 1, we will have an
exciting worldwide campaign to offer Bible studies. It's good for us to begin
preparing now. During the campaign, we'll offer Bible studies to as many people as
possible using the enjoy life forever brochure. For that month, auxiliary pioneers
will have the option of choosing either a 15-hour requirement or a 30-hour
requirement. Why not take a few minutes this week to look at your schedule for
September? Briefly, consider if you can expand your ministry that month. We also
have something very encouraging to share with you. On Sunday, July 28, we reached a
special landmark with regard to Bible translation. The New World translation is
now available in whole or in part in 300 languages. Isn't that amazing? We have
so many exciting things happening in Jehovah's organization. But now for the
rest of our update, I'd like to speak with you about an important topic. The need
to remain focused on God's kingdom as the real solution to mankind's problems.
This vital truth helps us to stay neutral regarding the world's political
issues. This year's regional convention helps us to keep this point in mind. At
the convention, we get to enjoy Episode 1 of the Good News according to Jesus. It
reminds us how the appearance of the Messiah was such good news. With Jesus
arrival on the earth, all the promises of God would now come true through Him. And
what would these promises include? That the real solution to mankind's
problems, God's kingdom would be established with Jesus as King. What qualities does
Jesus manifest as King? Isaiah 9, 6 and 7, prophetically describes Jesus this way. For a
child has been born to us. A son has been given to us. And the rulership will
rest on his shoulder. His name will be called wonderful counselor, mighty God,
eternal Father, Prince of Peace. To the increase of his rulership and to
peace, there will be no end on the throne of David and on his kingdom in order
to establish it firmly and to sustain it through justice and righteousness from
now on and forever. The zeal of Jehovah's armies will do this. These verses
show us that Jesus' rulership is characterized by peace, justice and righteousness.
And his rulership will continue forever. How reassuring that is. We're
grateful to know that God's kingdom is already established in heaven. It is
already the real permanent solution to all of the problems of the human
family. But we need to keep this reality clearly in mind. Why? Because the
times we live in can make it challenging to keep focused on God's kingdom as the
real solution to all of our problems. There are many things that divide the
world today. There's so much unrest in many conflicts. This constant effort to
make people take sides on political questions and even elections. In fact, it's
estimated that billions of people, nearly half the Earth's population, living
countries where there will be or have been political elections this year. We
also see an increase of nationalism and patriotic ceremonies, including schools.
Even sporting events can stir up nationalistic divisions. All of these
things are in the news every day. The world is facing unprecedented problems and
imperfect humans have many ideas on how to solve them. But as Jehovah's
witnesses, how do we view these device of topics? Of course, we don't get
involved in politics. We remember Jesus' words at John 1836 where he said,
My kingdom is no part of this world. As a result, we give our whole hearted
allegiance to that kingdom and do not become involved in the politics of this
world. Of course, Romans 131 and 2 indicates that the secular authorities stand
placed in their relative positions by God. Therefore, we appreciate and deeply
respect the role of that government's have today. This is in harmony with Jesus
words recorded at Matthew 22, 21, where he said, Pay back therefore Caesar's
things to Caesar, but God's things to God. So while we show honor to those who
hold positions of authority in the government, we don't get involved in
political issues or debates, no matter how right or just a particular cause
may seem. We keep on seeking first God's kingdom and His righteousness. We know
that is the real solution. So we don't take sides on the world's issues even
mentally. We don't favor one candidate or political party over another,
regardless of whether they seem to support or oppose our interests. We keep
focused on the real solution God's kingdom in the hands of Christ Jesus. What
can help us to protect our neutrality? We'll briefly mention two ways. First, we
can spend more time focusing on the solution than on the problem. And second,
we can spend more time talking about the solution than the problem. Let's discuss
the first way. What can help us to spend more time focusing on the solution
rather than the problem? Daily Bible reading and meditation. That will help us
to keep our spiritual armor intact. And we safeguard our heart by limiting
how much time we spend listening to or reading news and social media
websites, which can leave us anxious, depressed and even exhausted. A second
way we can protect our neutrality is to spend more time talking about the
solution than the problem. Isn't it true that our speech indicates what's in
our heart? What if we freely express strong opinions regarding this world's
elections? Wars or other political matters? What that indicate that our neutrality
has weakened? This could be like a warning indicator light on a car. Our speech
might indicate that we need to give our neutrality some attention.
The best way to talk about the solution is by preaching the good news of God's kingdom.
This helps us to stay focused. We're convinced that Jehovah will remedy all injustices that we face.
Preaching helps us to keep our hope clear in mind. Hope is an anchor which stabilizes us
during turbulent times. It prevents us from drifting away from Jehovah or his organization.
If we continue to do all these things, we'll remain neutral regarding this world's politics.
And we'll stay focused on the real solution God's kingdom. The governing body is sharing
these important reminders because Satan, the ruler of this world, is pressuring Jehovah's people
like never before. The devil wants us to take sides on these issues. If we do, we are no longer neutral.
We could even find ourselves taking a stand against Jehovah and against his kingdom.
In effect, we could be acting as though we think the devil has the solution to our problems.
Never would we want that to happen. So dear brothers and sisters, this is a matter that requires
our careful and preferable attention. To help us keep the real solution clearly in mind,
make it a priority to have a personal or family worship study project on the topic of neutrality.
Here are a few ideas. In the book Scriptures for Christian Living,
you could review the information about governments. To find this publication in J.W. Library,
go to the Library tab, then publications, then books. Another idea is to review the October
2023 Watchtower Study article entitled, are you ready to obey?
The March 2019 edition of J.W. Broadcasting had an excellent discussion about neutrality.
To find this in J.W. Library, go to the Library tab, then video, J.W. Broadcasting,
and then look under monthly programs. Or on J.W.org searched for March 2019 broadcast.
Of course on J.W.org, if you search neutrality, you'll find many other helpful videos and articles.
We can be sure that Jehovah's heart rejoices to see millions of people from all nations of the
earth united in worshiping him, remaining neutral, and declaring the real solution to mankind's
problems, the good news of God's kingdom. Brothers and sisters, please know that we love you all very
much. From the World Headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses, this is J.W. Broadcasting.